Changes to eligibility framework and member process (#47)
protocolguild/docs: docs/6-operating-guidelines.md

  - `timeWeighting` can be either 1.0 for full-time or .5 for part-time contributors
  - Existing contributors get "diluted" as newcomers come in
  - Continuing contributors get additional weight per month they are active. This means historic contributors don't maintain their split weighting if they leave protocol development

>   - Anyone who stops contributing should remove themselves from the membership

Reviewer: I liked the old phrasing, it's fine to encourage self reporting, but anyone that stops contributing should be removed regardless if they remove themselves

Reviewer 2: I think we need both.  I see an argument that can be made that the only way to exit is self-removal if this remains as is.

```suggestion
  - Anyone who stops contributing should remove themselves from the membership, and may be removed via periodic curation reviews
```

Author: this works for me

## 6.4 Modifying Projects and Members

Modifying eligible projects and active membership should be proposed separately in the case both are being considered. Both should be shared with the membership at least two weeks in advance of any onchain update.

### Adding/removing Projects

> Changing the list of [eligible projects](link) can be made through a PR to the docs repo. This PR should add the project in the appropriate section, along with the following info:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Changing the list of [eligible projects](./4-roles-expectations.md#qualifications) can be made through a PR to the docs repo. This PR should add the project in the appropriate section, along with the following info:
```

Author: not sure how this will resolve but will commit anyways and figure it out after lol

- Name of project/research area
- Summary of why this project/research area should be considered eligible 

### Adding Members

> Changing the current membership can be done by an existing member making a PR in the membership repo (currently private to members only). 

Reviewer: We should really explore ways to make this repo public

Author: yep agree. - ive mentioned [it in the discord](https://discordapp.com/channels/795514951376568391/953415562153832520/1121926227876397206), but no one has taken up discussion. i will make a new issue discussing the pros and cons

When adding a new member, the PR should add the individual to the member list, along with the accompanying info:

- Name / Identifier
- Project
- Discord handle 
- Link to relevant work, eg. GitHub, research
- Summary of their work and eligibility

Discussion should be open for at least one week to give members time to review and discuss. This can be with reacts on the proposal 👍 / 👎 or written thoughts on why the proposed member fits the eligibility or not.

> Once one week has passed, the PR should be merged.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Once one week has passed, if no objections, the PR can be merged.
```

Reviewer 4: does this need to cover the case where the proposed PR does not get merged?

Author: yep good catch!
